Don't forget to come and don't do anything bad.
No no. I won't do it anymore.
Where is Chen Nannan.
Say this ghost knows it. As soon as I said that, he started to hit me.
Then why do you work like this?
Sorry.
I was the one who led him astray the moment he saw him.
Don't don't don't. If it wasn't the kind of thing you did before, I wouldn't be able to forgive you.
Chen Nannan. I beg you. For you, just let him go.
Don't give me too much evidence.
OK OK. I will definitely let you go in the future.
I swear. This whole set is so clean.
Return it to you.
I want to sleep too
Can't find anything
Spring decomposition, can you teach me?
Okay, then you will do it tomorrow
Come with them? Labor?
Let's break it down tonight
I just escaped
It's over for you
Remember to go there next time
That spring decomposes
Are you teaching me?
Off work. Not off work.
You are doing me a favor
I want to go. Only you can help us.
Didn’t you say you wanted to change our village?
It’s really important to say it in advance
It’s Chen Jiaoyuan
Your former sister-in-law
All pregnant
Chen taught people to beat her to death